here I just arrived at the cellar of turckheim remains to know who will win
claude makélélé suspended
the barrel feet of the quality of holder
normal all the pleasure is for us it's a good opportunity to do
discover in its structure thank you for not presenting its doors
to discover the structure
she accounted for less can quote kate were studying
these stories are activated
so if a rider who has acquired m the youngest card of Aquitaine more
with whom they years 70
and also the most dynamic
more than coffee site which by these decreases of the last years has
made today a unified cold of 220 but the vise
and therefore to the largest before these of France
so the sector is composed of
the 500 car years
day before yesterday even more when we party all the north gironde
for me up to acts
I turn in charente-maritime hunting will learn% and pessac for the famous
mouse as long as members are spread pretty much on leaving them
especially that this surface
and these structures is composed of five different unification sites so different
players
auroux viticulturists input on these sites for peace that are for me
we are really close we join so explain me a little principles
dr
the cooperative is several winemakers who has pooled
so in fact
the principle of cooperation is a man a voice
so this is the basic principle or so all its members since a
cooperative cd members or deputies to social all members
are even entitled to the cozy decision for all decisions are made in
common and for that allows us to have meetings for us seeing your and
500 beds to 500 people who have banded together to have the means to
efficient wine making to have powerful commercial means
it's all human technique
in the momentum
performance technicians that the case in point that it's important also for
innovation research
and she knows the ways that the winegrower man alone can not have
and it's unbecoming a member once this summer
indeed a small winemaker has as much importance at the game level
serious case decision making such as this is today on on the
cooperation
in this small or big c
if a voice that counts so shortly before speaking is the rest level
votes the 500 people
but also and it is the majority that matters most
the european surface contours the lack of social capital more than a cooperation
if the share capital of an amount including these different levels is
a company that has shareholders there it's really the
the owners who are adherents of the preparation that
make the decisions can you make us laugh
more in detail
opening the cuvée excellence quality first is the
conviviality it is a major contribution in bottle generally it is for
have a good time it's nice
we are at the bottom of this blow there in this area there command room such a
experience to do this
no statistics
it's a good way for the blogger who gets out of the bottle by the way it's a
unforgettable moment
This is where the complexion goes
which goes very well since it is an acquired and fruity but not panic
as long as it allows
rogers amanpour for women who prefer fruity wines and
insolvency because it is an asset that stands out
he digs the bus of white wine spring and humus and who rather prefer
the matais that a little bit harder like so much excess will pass enough
aged in casks
percent in the housing channel that stood out
and it's going to calm down a bit for apple all the way through the meal
go for percent and entry to cheese dessert so that's a plan
who goes everywhere
kim who hires is very nice
because we catch the ball respected like that and not in the name of a flower in
see boris second behind the camera these great greenhouse
it's a great moment of conviviality
arnaud julien delval to leave now and leave on the road but
Anyway thank you very much
for your welcome
mr his wheels and the pleasure and then why not true for the next six
in the cooperative cellar cac
unlike pebbles a voice
and the big ones
all we love power
I was born meeting at the town hall to follow